I'm very lucky to have an incredible
team of partners on riding shotgun from
the talented writer director Michael
Davis to the awesome animation studio
copernicus to the number one animation
platform on the web mondo media and of
course the original creators of this
amazing graphic novel Nate Bowden and
Tracy Yardley
[Music]
riding shotgun has this amazing premise
in the near future the crime rate in the
United States soars the president signs
the National assassination Act which
subcontracts capital punishment to the
private sector ordinary private citizens
become professional killers anybody can
become a licensed assassin anybody this
is where happy and Doyle come in he's
this slacker guy she's this hot smart
cute girl and they team up to take out
the bad guys but they're kind of new
beats they're rookies they may be able
to shoot well but they've never dealt
with all the scumbags before and it
creates this great opportunity for
action humor you know unreleased sexual
tension between them it's just really
great some of you may know when I did
shoot them up I actually drew my own
animation to illustrate and design all
the action sequences so it's kind of the
perfect guy to do riding shotgun
animation is the perfect vehicle for me
to do this wild crazy violent action
that I love to do like going outside the
standard system and not going through
the TV studios the network's we're gonna
take it right to the audience throughout
the making in the pilot of riding
shotgun and it was awesome to give so
many jobs to so many talented people
from storyboard artists to background
painters to animators to compositors the
CG artists a lot of people out there
don't realize how expensive it is to
produce cartoons especially with
something like riding shotgun where the
quality is triple-a that's because of
all the love passion care and attention
to detail we put into every frame for
you the fans so judging by the reaction
from you guys I think you want more and
we here at mondo definitely want more so
spread the word let's make this thing of
reality as creators as animators as
animation fans thanks for joining us at
teen rata target
you